updating links from fwlink to real link if exists (#16719)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/wcf/feature-details/migrating-wse-3-0-web-services-to-wcf.md

 For more information about creating custom bindings in WCF, see [Custom Bindings](../../../../docs/framework/wcf/extending/custom-bindings.md).  
  
### WSE 3.0 Web services that are secured using application code  

>  Whether WSE 3.0 or WCF is used, the security requirements can be specified in application code instead of in configuration. In WSE 3.0, this is accomplished by creating a class that derives from the `Policy` class and then by adding the requirements by calling the `Add` method. For more details about specifying the security requirements in code, see [How to: Secure a Web Service Without Using a Policy File](https://docs.microsoft.com/). In WCF, to specify security requirements in code, create an instance of the <xref:System.ServiceModel.Channels.BindingElementCollection> class and add an instance of a <xref:System.ServiceModel.Channels.SecurityBindingElement> to the <xref:System.ServiceModel.Channels.BindingElementCollection>. The security assertion requirements are set using the static authentication mode helper methods of the <xref:System.ServiceModel.Channels.SecurityBindingElement> class. For more details about specifying security requirements in code using WCF, see [How to: Create a Custom Binding Using the SecurityBindingElement](../../../../docs/framework/wcf/feature-details/how-to-create-a-custom-binding-using-the-securitybindingelement.md) and [How to: Create a SecurityBindingElement for a Specified Authentication Mode](../../../../docs/framework/wcf/feature-details/how-to-create-a-securitybindingelement-for-a-specified-authentication-mode.md).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Whether WSE 3.0 or WCF is used, the security requirements can be specified in application code instead of in configuration. In WSE 3.0, this is accomplished by creating a class that derives from the `Policy` class and then by adding the requirements by calling the `Add` method. For more details about specifying the security requirements in code, see [How to: Secure a Web Service Without Using a Policy File](https://docs.microsoft.com/previous-versions/dotnet/netframework-2.0/aa528763(v=msdn.10)). In WCF, to specify security requirements in code, create an instance of the <xref:System.ServiceModel.Channels.BindingElementCollection> class and add an instance of a <xref:System.ServiceModel.Channels.SecurityBindingElement> to the <xref:System.ServiceModel.Channels.BindingElementCollection>. The security assertion requirements are set using the static authentication mode helper methods of the <xref:System.ServiceModel.Channels.SecurityBindingElement> class. For more details about specifying security requirements in code using WCF, see [How to: Create a Custom Binding Using the SecurityBindingElement](how-to-create-a-custom-binding-using-the-securitybindingelement.md) and [How to: Create a SecurityBindingElement for a Specified Authentication Mode](how-to-create-a-securitybindingelement-for-a-specified-authentication-mode.md).  
```

 To convert a custom policy assertion that does not secure a SOAP message, see [Filtering](../../../../docs/framework/wcf/feature-details/filtering.md) and the sample [Custom Message Interceptor](../../../../docs/framework/wcf/samples/custom-message-interceptor.md).  
  
### WSE 3.0 Custom Security Token  

>  The WCF programming model for creating a custom token is different than WSE 3.0. For details about creating a custom token in WSE, see [Creating Custom Security Tokens](https://docs.microsoft.com/). For details about creating a custom token in WCF, see [How to: Create a Custom Token](../../../../docs/framework/wcf/extending/how-to-create-a-custom-token.md).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 The WCF programming model for creating a custom token is different than WSE 3.0. For details about creating a custom token in WSE, see [Creating Custom Security Tokens](https://docs.microsoft.com/previous-versions/dotnet/netframework-2.0/aa529304(v=msdn.10)). For details about creating a custom token in WCF, see [How to: Create a Custom Token](../../../../docs/framework/wcf/extending/how-to-create-a-custom-token.md).  
```

## Messaging  
  
### WSE 3.0 Applications that use the WSE Messaging API  

>  When the WSE Messaging API is used to gain direct access to the XML that is communicated between the client and Web service, the application can be converted to use "Plain Old XML" (POX). For more details about POX, see [Interoperability with POX Applications](../../../../docs/framework/wcf/feature-details/interoperability-with-pox-applications.md). For more details about the WSE Messaging API, see [Sending and Receiving SOAP Messages Using WSE Messaging API](https://docs.microsoft.com/).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion

 When the WSE Messaging API is used to gain direct access to the XML that is communicated between the client and Web service, the application can be converted to use "Plain Old XML" (POX). For more details about POX, see [Interoperability with POX Applications](interoperability-with-pox-applications.md). For more details about the WSE Messaging API, see [Sending and Receiving SOAP Messages Using WSE Messaging API](https://docs.microsoft.com/previous-versions/dotnet/netframework-2.0/aa529293(v=msdn.10)).  
```
